Come after my dancers again.
and that straight razor will
be pressed against something
that is not your neck.
[Doc] Previously on
All the Queen's Men...
Here's your test results.
It came up positive
for PCP in your system.
PCP...
Now get the fuck upstairs!
[Tommy] I've arranged for you
some relaxation.
Thank you. Tommy.
I think you'll find whatever
you're looking to get into
somewhere around here.
99.9% accurate.
Dad.
I don't care what that shit say.
I'm not your fucking daddy.
So you gonna act like
you don't know Shanell?
Shanell who?
You need to be more specific.
Well. shit.
It ain't like her name
is Kim or somethin'.
How many Shanells did you fuck?
[snickers]
Shit.
How many you fucked?
Good point.
Good point. brother.
Man. I don't know half the women
I come in contact
with in this club.
Okay.
Well. what about
Shanell Johnson?
I don't know a bitch
named Shanell Johnson.
Jenkins. or James.
Hey. my mother's not a bitch!
Hey. yo. yo. yo. yo. yo!
She might not be
no fuckin' bitch.
but she a damn liar!
Get the fuck out of my face!
You good? You good?
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah
♪ They know not
to play with me ♪
♪ They know I get it started
♪ Ask me will I take it easy
Told them that it's harder ♪
♪ Ask me will I quit
Oh no. sir. I beg your pardon ♪
♪ They're sayin'
that it's light ♪
♪ But I turn this bitch
to darkness [darkness] ♪
♪ [The sun] It go up.
we don't play around ♪
♪ I won't play 'bout
my dinero [dinero] ♪
♪ Got some gangstas in
the cut now [cut now] ♪
♪ And they're doing
what I say so ♪
[smooth. laid back music]
Detective Davis. DA Rodds.
Nyema. thank you for coming in.
Of course.
Have a seat.
Before we start.
I just wanna say
I'm sorry for any problems
I might've caused.
And I don't know what happened.
but I want you to know
I'm not the kind of person
who takes drugs ever.
Okay. well.
I accept your apology.
As do I.
And we have good news for you.
You do?
Yes.
Apparently there was
a mix-up at the hospital.
[relieved laugh]
Somehow your lab results were
switched with someone else's.
Your record is clean.
You still have a job.
I knew there'd have to
be some sort of mistake!
It seems like you were
telling the truth.
Thank you.
So you can go back to work now.
Just tell Robert that
you'll be taking his place.
Thank you!
I will!
[both chuckling]
Well. now that we got that
out the way.
we have to make sure
that we cover our tracks.
We cannot let anybody find out
that we shredded
those documents.
I'll talk to
Dr. Brownstone at the hospital.
She owes me a favor and. uh.
can take care of
things on that end.
We should be clear.
Perfect.
[menacing music]
You do know there are
cameras back there.
press. everything.
Did you not wanna even try?
Put on some makeup?
All the foundation in the world
couldn't cover up the fact
that you're just pure evil.
Lovett. do you ever get
tired of defending criminals?
You know she's guilty.
Careful. Counselor.
You're bordering on slander.
I'd hate to have to
take you to trial
right after you lose this one.
[chuckles]
Thank you.
[Bailiff] All rise!
The Honorable Judge
Tobias Walters presiding.
[tense music]
Please be seated.
[Judge] Okay.
City of Atlanta
versus Marilyn Deville.
Counselor?
Is the defense ready
to enter a plea?
We are. Your Honor.
Ms. Deville. how do you plead?
Not guilty. Your Honor.
[cheers and applause]
Order!
Order in the court!
This is not a nightclub.
and I will not tolerate
a bunch of antics
in my courtroom.
Trial is set for the 11th.
[laid back music]
Yo. I appreciate
that referral. man.
My last barber had my hairline
lookin' like a
straight letter M.
I remember.
Madam was not happy.
Shit. me neither.
I tried to play it like
it was a tribute to her.
but she wasn't buying it.
[both chuckling]
Yeah. well.
Tyrell will hook you up.
-so you'll be good tonight.
-I hope so.
Hey. you ever gotten any further
with them guys
you was looking for?
Kinda.
I have their information.
I just...I haven't
done anything with it yet.
What you waitin' on?
I don't know.
Just...
I don't think I wanna
go down that road.
Yeah. I get it.
Whenever you ready
to go down that road.
let me know.
'cause I'm comin' down
that bitch with you.
No. you don't
have to do that. D.
No. no. no. it's
cool. you hear me?
It could be dangerous.
-I appreciate the offer.
-All day.
-I'll let you know.
-For sure.
[snaps]
I'm up.
-Hey. go get that thang.
-Yes sir.
[laid back music]
Hi. I'm on my way to
get my nails done.
Do you need me to bring you
anything back?
No. I'm good.
So...
You're gonna get
my favorite color?
I'm gonna--
Whatever I get's gonna be cute.
'cause it's always cute.
It's always cute
'cause you are cute.
Mmmm...
Okay. I'll see you in
about an hour and a half.
Okay. cool. Hey. yo.
Yo. yo. yo. yo. yo.
do you notice
anything different?
All right. does it
feel any different?
The keys. maybe?
No. what are you talking about?
You're gonna make me
late to my appointment.
Hey. look at your keys. yo!
What is this?
That is...my key. or our key.
Are you serious?
Yeah. I want you to move in.
Hey. hey. look at me.
Seriously.
I love waking up to you.
And I want to do that
for as long as possible.
have your face be the first face
that I see when I wake up...
and the last face I see
when I go to bed at night.
[giddy laugh]
Amp. you're so sweet.
What's going on?
So is that a yes?
[sighs]
Really?
No. seriously?
Come on. are you serious?
Mm-hmm. I'm serious.
Okay. well. before you go.
get something for your toes.
They're gonna get
sucked tonight.
[laughs] Boy. bye!
Hate to see you leave.
But I love to see you walk away.
[laid back music]
Madam. Babyface is
here to see you.
Right now?
Isn't it a little early
for him to be here?
Let him in.
Thanks for seeing me. Madam.
Mm-hmm.
I need to talk to you.
Well. talk.
So you know that
new guy. Quincy?
Mm-hmm.
Not working for me.
You are correct.
because he works for me.
What's the problem?
[sighs] He's stirring up
drama. Madam.
What kind of drama?
I know Blue or somebody told you
that he keep goin' around.
saying that he my son.
I heard.
So what. do you think he's not?
Look. Madam. it don't matter.
This nigga can't be coming
around. stirring up bullshit.
Okay.
So what are you proposing?
It's either him or me.
Well. um...
I wouldn't be giving me
an ultimatum right now
Quincy brings in way
more money than you.
On top of the stacks of cash...
he has four privates
booked alone this weekend.
So I had a couple
of slow nights.
No. it's not just
been slow nights.
You've been fucked up ever since
you started living with Tandy.
You got laxed.
Look. he only bringing
in the bag like that
because he fresh meat.
He gonna be right back
down with them amateurs
in a couple weeks.
And so will you if you
don't get your money up.
Is there anything else
you wanna tell me.
ask me. propose?
No. Madam.
[Madam] All right.
let yourself out.
[soft music]
I know you said you wanted
to try something different.
This bow and arrow
shit is silly.
You see what you're
doing right now?
It's called contempt
without investigation.
You've already made up
your negative opinion.
You haven't even tried it.
Lady. I don't care
what you call it.
It don't make sense.
Look how close
the targets are.
I was a sniper in the Marines.
not some fat kid in summer camp.
It's not about the distance.
It's about the shooter's goal.
Archery is a form of meditation.
I thought them Zen niggas
were about peace and love.
not shootin'.
I could've brought
my fucking gun.
Think about what it takes
to shoot something at
a distance accurately.
You have to be mindful. focus.
And you can't rush.
You have to be patient.
Like a sniper.
Exactly.
Now. tell me about the
incident with your friend
who lost his arm in Afghanistan.
but I want you to do it...
while you're aiming
for the bullseye.
[soft. tense music]
There was so much blood.
All I could think about...
...was my friend.
What I was gonna
tell his family.
What did you do?
I froze.
I didn't do anything.
[Dr. Cabrera] Belinda?
[cries]
Belinda?
Belinda...
Belinda! Belinda!
Whoa. whoa. Belinda!
I-I need you to take
some deep breaths. focus!
Remember where you
are. all right?
[intensifying music]
You are safe!
It's just you and me.
What is wrong with me?
Absolutely nothing.
Okay?
You're just having a
hard time processing
these horrible memories. okay?
But you came to
an awesome doctor.
[Tommy] Nice throw. Madam.
Thank you. Tommy.
It's my technique.
It's all in the wrist.
Now Bashir.
my bar has come up short
for the third time in a week.
And the common
denominator is you.
[Bashir whimpers pathetically]
Ah. ah. ah.
I don't want excuses.
Ooh. shit!
Madam. you gave him a labret.
-A what?
-Labret.
-What is that?
-It's when you pierce your lip.
[Madam] Really?
Shit. I didn't know that.
You know. I learn something new
every time
I'm around you. Tommy.
I like that.
But what I don't like
are people stealing from me.
Now. my register and my bar.
they're not gonna
come up short again. are they?
[Bashir whimpers]
Madam. I have a new
Chinese throwing star
if you'd like to use it.
[Bashir whimpers frantically]
Let me see that.
Mm. it's nice.
Well. see. this
depends on Bashir here.
if you wanna act right.
You wanna act right. Bashir?
Mm-hmm. yeah?
Okay.
You can go.
Don't you drip that shit
on my fucking carpet.
[ethereal music]
[line trilling]
[Blue's Voicemail]
Hey. this is Blue.
Leave a message.
Blue. call me.
Fuck.
[knocking on door]
[smooth. mellow music]
One second!
All right. uh. coming.
-Hey.
-Hey! [laughs]
-Can...
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-Can I come in?
-Please. I'll bet.
-Come on in.
-I brought dinner.
Yeah. uh. sit down.
-Okay. thanks.
-[sighs]
-Sorry about that.
Oh. no problem.
[laughs]
Yeah. what'd you. uh...
What'd you bring?
Oh. some. uh...
Some salmon and some asparagus.
Oh. okay. [chuckles]
It smell good.
It smells like. uh...
You know that smothered
pork chops and rice
you was talkin' about.
[laughter]
I was just messing with you.
-Yes.
-Oh! Wow!
You knew I had to bring
some smothered pork chops.
[chuckles]
They were all
your favorites. so...
Always your favorites.
There you go.
Wow. I can't stop cheesing.
[laughs]
You know. I couldn't
stop thinking about 'em
when you brought
'em up the other day.
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
You're gonna need to...
Yeah. you know what?
Let me. um...
Stay right here.
I'll grab something real quick.
Okay.
[Amp] Cool.
Sorry about that.
Um...
I mean...
There you go.
Don't judge me on the dishes.
No. no. no.
your place is nice.
I guess we could dig in.
Oh. okay!
I brought this for you. but
I'll have me a little bite.
Yeah. you know? I mean...
I shouldn't be eating
all this anyway.
-[sighs]
-So...
Just like I used to make it.
[chuckles]
Mm. anything for my baby.
Hm...
Thank you for. uh...
lettin' me come by.
Yeah. um...
don't thank me too much.
Uh...
Thank Dime.
Yeah. she's. she's dope.
Yeah.
Yeah. I can tell she's
a...she's a good woman.
She is.
Yeah. mm.
Listen. Amp. uh...
So good. Yeah.
I-I really am sorry. you know?
Yeah.
I know. you know. where we
are right now is kinda weird
and uncomfortable and I...
I'm just...just trying
to move through it.
I understand.
I...I don't know how. but. uh...
Um...you know. well. um...
this is a start.
[both laughing]
Um. yeah.
-Yeah.
What have you been
up to since you...
-you know. got out of pris--
-Got out?
Yeah. got out of prison.
Um. you know. I've just
been working at the club.
dancing for Madam.
Huh.
There's that little...
Is something wrong with that?
No. no. no. no. no. I...
Nothing's wrong.
All right?
I'm here with you.
And...
that makes everything wonderful.
Yeah.
Yeah. it does.
-Yeah. yeah.
-Dig in. yeah.
-You want something to drink?
-I'm okay.
-You sure?
-I'ma watch you eat.
[laughs]
[upbeat music]
Yo. is it just me.
or this Babyface and
Quincy shit crazy?
Yo. brother. this feel
like a Mexican soap opera.
People kids poppin' up
out of nowhere shit.
[laughter]
Nah. that shit like
Star Wars. bruh.
only Darth Vader ain't
tryin' to claim Luke's ass.
[laughter]
I am not your father!
You crazy.
Don't stop now.
I heard y'all.
Bruh. you know this
shit is weird. bruh.
Come on. now.
What's up with you
and your new son?
Hell if I know.
I'm not claiming that nigga.
You can't deny 99.9%.
Believe me. if you could.
I wouldn't be on child support.
That's true.
Bruh. he's your
flesh. your blood.
You can't just not
talk to him. bruh.
Yeah. watch me.
Yeah. bruh. for real?
Shit's foul.
Don't be a foul-ass nigga.
My pops
don't talk to me no more
and that shit don't feel good.
What am I supposed to do?
He's a grown-ass man.
So are you.
Does he want something?
The hell if I know.
You don't know 'cause
you don't talk to him.
You could at least hear him out.
Hey. yo. look.
y'all mind your business.
and I'mma mind mine. all right?
What y'all shaking
y'all heads for. man?
[laughter]
Y'all. what's up?
Y'all wanna have a good night?
Okay. no?
Don't want no Molly.
no coke. no Tina. no nothin'?
Dang...
Y'all ain't tryin' to have
a good night out here?
No?
What's up?
What about you. baby?
-What you got?
-Oh. I got--
She just bought
some Molly. so...
How much?
-Two for 50.
-How's 30?
Nah. the price is what it is.
Fine. um. I'll take two.
Okay. uh...
What else you got?
So I got 24 a bump.
75 for the gram.
Let me get the gram.
You tryin' to get lit!
Okay. I see ya!
Dang. all of this
and you sweatin' a bitch
over $20! Come on. man!
Because I was setting
your dumb ass up.
-What the fuck?
-Yeah. Let's go.
-Are you serious?
-Yeah.
-Oh. fuck.
-Come on.
Damn!
Crooked-ass reporters.
You wanted to see me?
Yeah.
Is something wrong?
You tell me. Blue.
I haven't seen you
or heard from you since court.
What's up with that?
Just had to take
care of a few things.
Okay.
You know. you've been
real evasive lately.
I had some errands I had to run.
[Madam] Errands?
You know what?
It's okay.
You are grown.
It's your personal life.
You are entitled
to...your space.
I appreciate that.
I just wanted to
check in with you.
I know that little. uh.
bomb shit. that was a lot.
Come on. Madam.
You know I've been
through worse.
I do.
But you and I both know
that after a while.
this shit does add up.
I got it handled.
You got it handled. huh?
I bet you fucking do.
You know every fucking thing.
Okay.
You know. I don't even know
why I try to talk to you.
You gonna do whatever
you wanna do anyway. so...
Okay.
[clears throat]
So we good?
We good.
[sinister music]
[door shuts]
All of y'all get the fuck out.
Except you.
So how did you find me?
You walked in here.
[sighs]
You know what I'm talking about.
My mom gave me your
name when I turned 18.
Okay. that's
supposed to be proof?
I'm not the only
Jerry Brown in Atlanta.
No. but you're
the only Jerry Brown
that has my DNA.
[sighs]
So what you want from me?
I just want to get
to know my dad.
Be more in his life.
Look. I'ma keep it
100 with you. all right?
I'm not interested
in none of that.
You over 18.
You grown now.
There's nothing
I can do for you.
I just feel like it's best...
we continue not
knowing each other.
Damn.
So you don't even wanna try.
Look. I'm sorry. man.
but this ain't on me.
Your mom should've been
hollered at me earlier.
Wow.
So it's like that. huh?
It's all I got for you.
You don't want to know
nothin' else. right?
Nah.
[intensifying music]
[sinister music]
Trouble. huh?
Now I know why they
call you that. Erin.
Just can't seem to
stay out of it. can you?
I don't need
a lecture from your ass.
I want a law-yer.
Okay. we'll get you one.
But in the meantime I just
got one question for you.
You like baseball?
What?
Do you like baseball?
-Are you serious?
-[Davis] Yeah.
No.
That shit's pretty boring.
Like you.
[both chuckling]
You know why I like baseball?
You see. it's three
strikes and you're out.
You know how many
strikes you got?
I'll give you two guesses.
Ah. there it is. you see
that look right there?
That's the look of concern.
and you should be.
You know why?
Lookin' at your rap sheet.
Breaking and entering. robbery.
and now selling
narcotics to a cop?
Come on. babe.
That's at least 20 years.
That's a lot of time.
And that's only assuming that
you're gonna get out on parole.
Look. I don't have shit else
to say to you. Detective.
When do I get to see my lawyer?
'Cause at this point.
you're violating my rights.
They're gonna violate
the hell out of your ass
once you're in prison.
[laughs]
I'll be right back.
You know.
I can't help but notice
that you been here all this time
and your boss hasn't
come down here to help you.
You know. while you're here.
you might wanna think about
maybe you should
look out for yourself.
Violate!
Violate. violate!
[door shuts]
Fuck.
[clears throat]
[club music]
[ladies cheering]
Hey. Midnight.
Back again so soon?
I couldn't stop
thinking about you.
All right. well.
I gotta go to VIP.
so. I'mma holler at you.
Sorry. I didn't mean
to get rough with you--
unless you want me to.
Like how you roughed me up and
manhandled me the other night.
You can't talk about
that shit in here.
People could get
the wrong fucking idea.
You're right. you're right.
We'll talk about it later.
Ain't shit to fucking
talk about.
I didn't mean to
upset you. Midnight.
I just needed to see you.
Okay. well. you saw me.
-Can I get a VIP?
-Not right now.
Excuse me. are you Blue?
Why?
I'm a friend of Midnight's and
I wanna book him for a VIP.
Midnight is booked.
Doc has an opening.
No. I only want Midnight.
Midnight is booked
for a bachelorette party.
so you can't get
your friend tonight.
We'll see about that.
Crazy bitches.
Man. like I said.
I don't wanna talk about
that shit no more. all right?
[Midnight] You're lucky
she ain't hit you up
when that little nigga
was in diapers.
They expensive.
Your ass would know.
wouldn't it?
[chuckling]
Yeah. and I take care of each
and every one of my kids too.
Man. I ain't gonna
lie. you right.
Kids are expensive.
That's really why I'm not trying
to have none no time soon.
I don't know.
It wouldn't be so bad to
have someone look up to you.
Yeah. wait 'til they ass
start looking up to you
asking for cars and purses
and shoes and this and that.
I don't know. D.
It's just all about timing.
And if a nigga ain't ready...
a nigga ain't ready.
Hey. ready or not.
these hos be scheming.
They stay ready.
Exactly!
That's why I got stock in latex.
[laughter]
Shit!
Oh my God!
I can't believe it.
Is this really where
you all get dressed?
Madam needs to hire more
security around this bitch.
You're just gonna be salty
all night?
How are you doing?
I'm Amp.
I know who you are.
You're one of my
favorite dancers.
-Uh. thank you.
-Yeah.
Why are you even in here?
Ah. I just wanted to see
what I could be working with.
Oh. uh-uh. you're
our new little fluffer?
Yes. I am.
Well. hello.
I am Doc.
And. uh. you can fluff
me anytime. baby.
I know who you all are. and
I'll remember you said that
when I'm feelin' kinda low.
but welcome.
Thanks. El Fuego.
BigD.
Emphasis on the "Big."
Okay. well. I do have a list
of rules and some consent forms
I need you all to sign
before we get started.
-Sure.
-And you got consent forms.
I can't wait to see
what you got in store for us.
[giggles]
Jerry Brown?
Xavier Anthony.
Ronnie Tyrel Mercer.
Alonzo Garcia.
Kenny Haynes.
That'd be moi.
And Demetrius Vincent Landry.
You have been served!
All right.
What the fuck?
Fucking pretty devil.
[door opens]
-What the fuck. Tommy!?
-Shh!
Why are you shushing me
in my own office!?
[whispering] I'm sorry. Madam.
but I heard there's
a process server out there.
I ain't trying to
let them get me.
I thought somebody was
trying to shoot you.
Look. the process server
is gonna get you at some point.
So...no need to hide
in my office.
[Tommy] No. Madam.
They ain't gonna
send me down to that court
to throw dirt on your name.
Tommy. I am not worried
about what you're gonna say.
I know exactly where
your loyalties lie.
Thank you. Madam.
Since you're in here. you
can do something for me.
Anything.
[tense music]
Keep your eye on Blue.
-Blue?
-[Madam] Mm-hmm.
Why?
[sighs]
I don't know.
Something's going on with her
and she ain't talking.
-You think somebody got to her?
-I don't know.
But with this trial
going on. I...
I can't risk it.
That's smart. Madam.
But don't worry.
-I got your back.
-I know.
[Tommy] I'll keep an eye on Blue
and let you know what I find.
Okay. Thank you.
[tense music]
[door shuts]
-Hey. bro.
-You good?
I heard what happened
between you and Babyface.
Yeah. I'm good.
I don't know
what I was expecting
from his ass. anyways.
That dude is bad news. man.
I...
I tried to warn you.
I mean. yeah.
You talked about
him a couple times.
but you just never
gave me any specifics.
I ain't know if you wanted
to know all that. man.
Well. I do now.
since all this shit
is out in the open.
I want to know who he really is.
All right.
If you really wanna know.
When I first got to Eden.
Babyface pimped me out
to a client's husband.
He took all
the money for himself.
stole my car. and when
I tried to get it back.
he threatened me.
That's fucked up.
[Rayshon] Yeah.
but. you know...
What can we do now. right?
Nah. that's foul.
And he can't get
away with that shit.
You know. it is what it is. man.
There ain't nothin'
I can do now. right?
Maybe not.
But karma?
Is a bitch.
♪ Girl. let's turn this
bedroom to a strip club ♪
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ Girl. let's turn this
bedroom to a strip club ♪
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ I want you up and down
'round this pole ♪
♪ Nice and slow
♪ Yeah. you go. girl
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ Oh. money everywhere
♪ All for you
♪ Soak in sheets
♪ Versace on your body
when you watchin' me ♪
♪ You don't need nobody.
girl. my pockets deep ♪
♪ Picture all these hundreds
fallin' at your feet ♪
♪ I'll have you livin'
sweet. comfortably ♪
♪ Don't you know
[Don't you know] ♪
♪ I get so excited
when you drop it low ♪
♪ Both hands on your knees
and now you on the floor ♪
♪ I can't take no more
♪ I'm gonna throw
this cake some more ♪
♪ And go straight to
the bank for more ♪
♪ Girl. let's turn this
bedroom to a strip club ♪
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ Girl. let's turn this
bedroom to a strip club ♪
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ I want you up and down
'round this pole ♪
♪ Nice and slow
♪ Yeah. you go. girl
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ Yeah. money everywhere
♪ There's money everywhere
There's money everywhere ♪
♪ All for you
♪ You fuckin with a bedroom G
♪ You ain't never
had a nigga like me ♪
♪ I'ma take you from the bed
to the shower to the kitchen ♪
[cheers and applause]
[upbeat music]
[phone ringing]
[chuckles]
Tandy.
Hi. Madam.
I. uh. heard they
set your trial date.
so I was just giving
you a call to check in.
see how you're holding up.
[Madam] Bitch. you don't
give a fuck about me.
What do you want?
Okay. well. since
you put it that way.
I'll just cut to the chase.
I want to set up my first
official party as mayor.
Go on.
[Tandy] I'll provide the
rich. thirsty benefactors
and you will provide
the men of Eden
for a bachelor auction.
So you're asking me
for my VIP dancers.
[Tandy] Yeah.
And could you throw in
some young. new dick?
To spice up the afterparty.
[chuckles] You know what I like.
Tandy. you are the mayor now.
Do you not have some
better shit you should be doing
than to throw
a fucking sex party?
[Tandy] I mean.
of course. it's a fundraiser.
We'll get the funds
for the real shit.
and then we'll have some fun.
What's going on with
my eminent domain land?
[Tandy] Well. there's been
a little bit of a hiccup
regarding that.
Has there?
Yeah. I mean.
I'm working on it. but...
it's just taking a little bit
longer than I anticipated.
[Madam] It's gonna
take a little longer
'cause you always have
a fuckin' dick in your mouth.
Get your priorities
straight. bitch.
before you fuck
this up for the both of us.
Yes. Madam.
I'll-I'll make it happen.
And the party?
[Madam] You can have my dancers.
But it's gonna cost you double.
I will consider
lowering the price
once I get my land.
Thank you. Madam.
[laid back music]
Oh! Hey. Gene!
How you doin'?
-Good!
-[chuckles]
Better if I had a little
somethin' in my stomach.
Got any specials?
Well. we've got the
barbecue beef ribs.
mac and cheese. and green beans.
-Potato salad?
-Not with the special.
Gotta order that on the side.
I'll pass on the potato salad.
Just give me the special.
Oh! Cassandra. could you
get Gene a special. please?
Thank you.
So. um. did you come
here just for food?
Or to finish our
phone conversation?
Both.
Got some good news to share.
Seems like. uh. the walls
are closing in around Madam.
[Toni] What do you mean?
A lot of people have
been getting subpoenas
to testify at her trial.
Ha!
Well. serves them right
for dealing with her shady ass.
[Gene] Yeah. looks like
I'm not the only one
who knows about
her nefarious behavior.
Nefarious?
Wicked. criminal.
I've been using
the Word of the Day app.
[chuckles] Okay.
Well. here's another
word for you.
Ebullient.
Well. what's that mean?
Happy and cheerful.
[chuckles]
The way we gonna feel
once we take the club from her.
Exactly!
[both laughing]
[club music]
[ladies cheering]
Excuse me. ladies.
I need to borrow
El Fuego for just a moment.
Don't worry. he'll be back.
Come here.
What's going on. Madam?
Just checking on you.
Make sure you got.
you know. closure
and clarity with the
thing we talked about.
Oh. yeah.
Thanks again for that.
All right.
You didn't do nothin' stupid
with that address. did you?
No. Madam. no.
Okay.
I'mma need you to
put this behind you.
Let this shit go.
-Okay?
-I understand.
I don't need you distracted.
I'm not distracted. all right?
Everything is fine.
You don't have to worry.
I'm good.
Go back over there
with the women.
Show them how
undistracted you are.
[phone ringing]
[ladies cheering]
[Trouble] Trouble.
[Operator] --in
Atlanta Central Lockup.
This bitch
stay earning her name.
Accept.
Why are you calling my phone?
I need Madam to
bail me out of jail. Blue.
[Blue] What are you
in jail now for. Trouble?
Selling drugs.
[Blue] In what part of town?
[sighs]
At Eden.
Eden?
Yo. get the fuck out of here.
Madam ain't
bailing you out for shit.
[Trouble] Come on. Blue!
I ain't got nobody else to call.
Well. you're shit out of luck.
Get off my phone.
Fuck.
[mellow music]
What are you still doing here?
Well. I kept calling you.
but you never answered.
My phone was on do not disturb.
I'm at work.
Okay. well. what
are you doing now?
I thought maybe we could
get something to eat.
First off...
it's three o'clock
in the morning.
Second. I'm not your man.
so why would we do that?
Was anything that
happened between us real?
[sighs] Listen. Renee.
I told you from the gate
this was about
nothin' but the money.
So with that being said. if
you wanna go get some food.
that'll be a thousand.
If you want me to
suck on that pussy.
that'd be 500.
I don't have that kind
of money right now.
Like. can I pay you tomorrow?
This ain't no
layaway dick. baby.
When you got it. let me know.
I'll be there.
But--
[ethereal music]
I appreciate you accommodating
my late night schedule.
Madam. not a problem.
I'm at your beck and call.
Good.
That's why I fuck
with you. Lovett.
Huh.
That's interesting.
Hm?
Didn't you tell me that the
lab tech at the police station
got fired?
Yes. why?
She just popped up
on the witness list.
Well. that's interesting.
I mean. I kicked her
out of the club myself.
She was obviously
high off of something.
But she went to the hospital. so
I'm sure their
reports will prove it.
I'll check in with that.
All right. who else
you got on that list?
Cole Thomas Marshall.
Lola Wilmont.
Keisha Nicole Phillips.
and Lester Tennenbaum.
Do we need to worry
about any of them?
But Lola and Cole.
they should be good.
I don't even know who
the fuck the Keisha is.
She's claiming that
you broke her nose.
Mm. I know who
you talkin' about.
She's good.
Is that it?
Yeah. that's it for now.
All right.
Let me get a copy of that list.
Thank you. The fuck?
Madam. I'm legally
obligated to tell you
that any threatening
or intimidation
or coercion of anyone
on that list is illegal
and could lead to allegations
of witness tampering.
Was there anything else?
No.
All right.
Well. thank you very much.
Okay.
This case is
looking good for us.
-Good.
-So far.
I just need you to
keep it that way.
Look. I appreciate
your concern. okay?
But I've got everything
under control.
[bright music]
Keisha Nicole Phillips.
Okay.
[Smoke] Hey. Madam.
What's the good news?
I have a job for you.
I like to hear that.
[Madam] All right.
look. Smoke. I'ma need you
to keep this quiet. okay?
Okay.
[Madam] Keep it real clean.
For sure.
[Madam] I do not need
this shit coming back on me.
Well. you know one
thing about it.
If anything. you know
I can be discreet.
All right. cool.
I'ma send you a name.
You can go ahead
and start doing your research.
[Smoke] Okay.
And I will give you a call
when you've finished the job.
Okay. Hey. Madam?
Thank you.
[Madam] All right.
And Smoke?
Feel free to enjoy
yourself with this one.
For sure.
Aight.
Let's get to work.
[chuckles]
[tense music]
[sexy music]
[dishes clattering]
Whoa. hey. are you okay?
Yeah. uh...
just a little acid reflux.
You okay?
I told you not to eat
that sausage sandwich
before you went to bed.
[laughs]
Which sausage sandwich?
Ah. see. 'cause you're nasty.
Dime...
you've gone through. like.
half a bottle of those already.
We can go to the ER
'cause this could be an ulcer.
I'm fine.
Just can't eat spicy
food like I used to.
especially before bed.
Aww. you're getting old
like little old lady. huh?
Getting old?
[laughs]
Hey. little old lady!
[moans]
I'll show you old lady!
Aw...
Come here.
Show me that. There you go.
[Dime] Old lady?
[knocking on door]
[sinister music]
Hello. Marilyn.
Ah. ah. ah!
Where the fuck are you goin'?
I hope that you've had
a horrible night.
And if not.
I'm here to help you
because I have a warrant
to search the premises.
For what?
Anything and everything
that could be incriminating.
So back the fuck up and
let me and my team do our job.
[intense music]
Fuck...
Tommy! Tommy!
[music]
♪ They're trying to
hit me with foul play ♪
♪ They're trying to hit me
like Gunplay ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah
♪ They're trying to
hit me with foul play ♪
♪ Still trying to
♪ Uh. they're trying
to do me like Malcolm ♪
♪ Spreading the word to my
brothers ain't illegal ♪
♪ [indistinct]
♪ Might try to hit
me like Biggie ♪
♪ I'm making sure all of my
wonders is bulletproof ♪
♪ [indistinct]
♪ Might try to hit me like JFK
[music]